♪ I-I-I I can make your bed rock ♪
♪ I-I-I I can make your bed rock, girl ♪
♪ I-I-I I can make your ♪
♪ She got that good good ♪
♪ She Michael Jackson bad ♪
♪ I'm attracted to her,
with her attractive ♪
♪ And now we murderers,
because we kill time ♪
♪ I knock her lights out,
and she still shine ♪
♪ I hate to see her go, but
I love to watch her leave ♪
♪ But I keep her running back and forth ♪
♪ Like a soccer team ♪
♪ Cold as a winter's day ♪
♪ Hot as a summer's eve ♪
♪ Young Money thieves ♪
♪ Steal your love and leave ♪
♪ I like the way you walking
if you walking my way ♪
♪ I'm that red bull, now let's fly away ♪
♪ Let's buy a place,
with all kind of space ♪
♪ I let you be the judge,
and, and, and I'm the case ♪
♪ I'm Gudda Gudda ♪
♪ I put her under ♪
♪ I see me with her, no Stevie Wonder ♪
♪ She don't even wonder,
cause she know she bad ♪
♪ And I got her ♪
♪ Grocery bag ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, baby ♪
♪ I be stuck to you ♪
♪ Like glue, glue, baby ♪
♪ Wanna spend it all on you ♪
♪ Baby ♪
♪ My room is the G spot ♪
♪ Call me Mr. Flintstone ♪
♪ I can make your bed rock, ooh ♪
♪ I-I-I I can make your bed rock, ooh ♪
♪ I-I-I I can make your
bed rock girl, ooh ♪
♪ I-I-I I can make your bed rock, ooh ♪
♪ I-I-I I can make your bed rock ♪
♪ Okay, I get it ♪
♪ Let me think, I guess it's my turn ♪
♪ Maybe it's time to put
this on ya sideburns ♪
♪ He say I'm bad, he probably right ♪
♪ He pressing me like button
downs on a Friday night ♪
♪ I'm so pretty like ♪
♪ Be on my pedal bike ♪
♪ Be on my low starch ♪
♪ Be on my Ecko whites ♪
♪ He say, Nicki, don't
stop, you the bestest ♪
♪ And I just be coming
off the top, asbestos ♪
♪ I love ya sushi roll,
hotter than wasabi ♪
♪ I race for your love ♪
♪ Shake and bake, Ricky Bobby ♪
♪ I'm at the W but I can't
meet you in the lobby ♪
♪ Girl, I gotta watch my back,
'cause I'm not just anybody ♪
♪ I seen 'em stand in line,
just to get beside her ♪
♪ I let her see the Aston, and
let the rest surprise her ♪
♪ That's when we disappear,
and you need GPS to find her ♪
♪ Oh, that was your girl ♪
♪ I thought I recognized her ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, baby ♪ ♪ I be stuck to you ♪
♪ Like glue, baby ♪
♪ Wanna spend it all on you, baby ♪
♪ My room is the G spot ♪
♪ Call me Mr. Flintstone ♪
♪ I can make your bed rock, ooh ♪
♪ I-I-I I can make your bed rock, ooh ♪
♪ I-I-I I can make your
bed rock girl, ooh ♪
♪ I-I-I I can make your bed rock, ooh ♪
♪ I-I-I I can make your ♪
♪ Bed rock ♪
♪ She like tanning ♪
♪ I like staying in ♪
♪ She like romancing ♪
♪ I like rolling with friends ♪
♪ She said I'm caged in ♪
♪ I think her conscience is ♪
♪ She watching that Oxygen ♪
♪ I'm watching ESPN ♪
♪ But when that show end
♪ ♪ She all on my skin ♪
♪ Lotion, slow motions, roller coasting ♪
♪ Like, back forth, hold it, hold it, ♪
♪ Hold it, hold it, hold it ♪
♪ She pose like it's for posters ♪
♪ And I poke like I'm suppose to ♪
♪ Take this photo if you for me ♪
♪ She said don't you ever show this ♪
♪ I'm too loyal, loyal, loyal ♪
♪ And too focused ♪
♪ To be losing, losing, losing ♪
♪ And be hopeless ♪
♪ When I spoke this, she rejoiced it ♪
♪ Said your words get me
open ♪ ♪ So I closed it ♪
♪ Where your clothes is ♪ ♪ I'm
only loving for the moment ♪
♪ She ain't got a man ♪
♪ But she's not alone ♪
♪ Miss independent ♪
♪ Yeah, she got her own ♪
♪ Hey, gorgeous, um, I mean, flawless ♪
♪ Well, that's what you are ♪
♪ How I see it is how I call it ♪
♪ L-look at how she walk ♪
♪ M-hmm, she know she bad ♪
♪ D-do your thing, baby ♪
♪ I ain't even mad ♪
♪ And I ain't leaving fast ♪
♪ I'm a stay a while ♪
♪ Hold ya head, Chris ♪
♪ I-I'm a take her down ♪
♪ Ooh, baby ♪
♪ I be stuck to you like glue, baby ♪
♪ Wanna spend it all on you, baby ♪
♪ My room is the G spot ♪
♪ Call me Mr. Flintstone ♪
♪ I can make your bed rock ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ I-I-I I can make your bed rock, ooh ♪
♪ I-I-I I can make your
bed rock, girl, ooh ♪
♪ I-I-I I can make your bed rock, ooh ♪
♪ I-I-I I can make your bed rock ♪
♪ Glue, baby ♪
♪ I be stuck to you like glue, baby ♪
♪ Wanna spend it all on you, baby ♪
♪ My room is the G spot ♪
♪ Call me Mr. Flintstone ♪
♪ I can make your bed rock, ooh ♪
♪ I-I-I I can make your bed rock, ooh ♪
♪ I-I-I I can make your
bed rock, girl, ooh ♪
♪ I-I-I I can make your bed rock, ooh ♪
♪ I-I-I I can make your bed rock ♪